The Joe Rogan.
Experience.
You pull up the UFC card for this weekend so I can see who's on the card.
So that's right. That's right. There's the, okay.
So what everybody's gonna be trying to bet Cerone
whatever, what's the line that Cerone right now.
So you could I get what this is? Plus two 60 for.
Plus two 60 over, under one and a half rounds. Mm-hmm <affirmative>.
But if I go over one and a half, what do I make? I make a little more money.
Don't.
I, uh, the over the under would be the little bit plus the plus 1 0 5 for under,
so I guess the money is on the over right now. It's minus 1 35.
How can the money being over where people it's.
Slight. It's very slight though. Okay. Look.
So this Diego faara is, uh, the favorite over Anthony.
Pettu that's an interesting fight right.
There. So right there they know something we don't know. Mm that's.
Interesting. Diego's very good. It's a very good fighter, but Holly.
Home, Rachel Pennington. Yeah.
That' fight.
That's Holly. Holmess given, right? Excuse me. She's a favorite, Holly. Yeah.
Uh, yeah. Yeah. Rachel petington is tough, man. She's very tough.
Penington is one of those chicks that like she's had some last second wins like
against, um, Ashley, Evan Smith,
one of the like wildest end dings in a, in a female fight.
She gets her in a bulldog,
choke and chokes her unconscious with blood spraying out of her forehead.
It was a wild finish, man. See if you could find that finish Ashley,
Evan Smith. Uh Raque. Pennnington finishes Ashley, Evan Smith. So.
Right now, what does that look like?
Donald Cerone against Conna what the money look like? I don't understand money.
Lines. I don't know. I would, I would be just talking outta my. If.
You bet a hundred bucks on, uh, Cal to win and he wins the fight,
you'd get two 60. So you'd collect 360.
And if you bet a hundred on con you'd.
You'd have to bet 320 bucks to, to win a hundred on con all right.
Minus three.
20. The only way you can win this weekend is with con
and you see con going in there, knocking him out in the first round in ne under.
But if con,
if fuckle wrestles him and it goes five rounds,
I don't see a lot of people bettinging con in the over Conna looks so good that
people are expecting Conna to go in there. This is, and knock him.
Right out. This is Raque pennnington's fight. So just go to like,
towards where the end of it. It was a wild fight, man. And Ashley,
Evan Smith is the woman who beat Fallon Fox, the transgender fighter.
She stopped her in her fight right before she, uh,
came to the UFC besides it was just a wild fight, man.
These girls were going to war. And so at the very last,
I mean, I think it was like the last second of the fight.
She's locking her up in this bulldog choke.
And this is why look at blood is spraying out of her head. Oh,
they don't show the finish. That UFC is sneaky like that.
They don't want you to see the tap or the knockout. Like I don't get it, guys.
I work for you. I love you. Show everybody the choke.
Why you hiding the choke anyway, maybe it's just a time constraint,
but she got her in this bulldog choke Bloodish squirting out of her head.
And then at the end of the, the buzzer, she lets go and the girl's out cold.
And it was just like, whoa. It was like one of those fight, those whoa,
like when it's happening, like holy, you know,
you see something that's just primal.
There's moments in fights that are just primal. You, you know?
And sometimes those moments are like,
they're almost CRE like when Francis and Ghana knocked down Astair Orine boom.
You're like Joe, just primal. Just what?
Who cut his lip? Who up?
Oh, Rosens strike. Oh my gosh.
Rosensrike's now gonna fight Francis jarino Rosens strike and Francis and Ghana.
Where Columbus, Ohio, Columbus, Ohio. God.
That's a crazy fight. Ugh.
I almost wish more people knew how tough rosetrike is. You,
you see the fight with Alstair over him and you go, well,
Alster was kind of out pointing him. And then he,
he caught Alstair slipping really with like 10 seconds left to go in the fight
and hit him with a bomb and broke his lip open. That's true.
But he still absorbed everything that Astair threw at him did never looked
like he got shook at all.
And we're talking about a guy and Astair whos knocked out junior.
Delanttos knocked out. You know, it was the K one. Grandpychampion.
No tremendous.
Re Wade knocked out Todd Duffy and pride.
Knocked out our boy wasrising he need? Or your boy there.
the great white hope. Uh, you know, what's his name? Mark Hunt.
No love. He's not the great white hope. He's a, a Australian.
Killer. Oh, brocklesner rock. Rockleser. That's a perfect example of him.
But me and my Rosen strike just walked through all of that.
And I'm not suggesting that the,
the aister of today he's had a long career that he's as,
as durable and as big as he was when he fought. Brockleser,
he's really two different guys at this point, but still rosensrike is a beast.
He's so strong, man. And he's got legit kickboxing skills. What is see,
he can fight this.
Weekend G money.
This is what it seems to me.
It seems to me that Conna McGregor has an
advantage in being able to close the distance and,
and maybe a speed advantage.
This is a perceived thing based on seeing them fight different people.
Cowboy when he is at his best is remarkably
well-rounded. And I think he's more well-rounded than Connor.
I think cowboy has a lot of tools that people forget about.
Particularly his take downs are excellent. Cowboy can submit the out of you.
He submits a lot of people he's nasty off his back. He's got wicked triangles.
I could see if this went to the ground.
Connor getting submitted by cowboy in a triangle.
What I couldn't see is cowboy getting submitted by Connor in a triangle.
I could see, I could see cowboy submitting Connor. I would,
I don't think it's impossible for con to submit cowboy,
but I don't see it. I think Connor can win by knockout. Yes.
He's very fast. Yes.
His left hand is a piston and he's sneaky and he's got nasty
upper cuts. And he's got a killer instinct when he has you hurt.
He bombs on you. And he, Eddie Alvares fight is the best example of that.
Eddie Alvarez was a world class fighter and con McGregor took it to him like no
one has ever done in his career. Tuned him up,
made him look like he had no business in the, in the cage with him.
Now for Eddie, he said like, he just fought a bad fight. And I believe him,
Eddie's a world class fighter. But the point is in, in go time,
Connor McGregor handles pressure as better as,
as much or better as good as well or better than anyone who's ever lived.
He handles pressure so well,
catches Floyd Mayweather with an upper cut in a fight where he' is so
outclassed.
He has zero boxing matches and he's fighting the greatest boxer of all time in
one of the biggest Paperview card. It ever it's nuts, right?
So he can handle pressure.
He lost that fight because Floyd's a way better boxer,
but he handled the pressure. The pressure against Aldo talks so much for a year,
going on tour together, tearing pictures of him, stealing his belt,
gets in front of him, flat lines him in 13 seconds. Perfect punch,
perfect execution. Like it measures him with one left hand.
Before that steps back, he dives in with the left. Bang catches him coming in.
It's perfect. Under pressure. He's
not the kind of grappler that normma gametteoff is
he's not in that category. Does he have pressure on this fight? Oh,
he's got so much pressure. He fought,
he fought the guy who everyone's terrified of.
And at least he made it into the fourth round. Right? Wasn't it?
Fourth round submission. Yeah.
And he probably wasn't really prepared for that fight.
You think about how much time he'd been off of MMA?
How much time he'd working on, you know,
just boxing and then spending all that money.
Cause he made like a hundred million.
The question for me is who is Conna right now is
isconnorna. Mcgregue the same guy that knocked out. Dustin,
Dustin Poer when he was a Savage,
is he the same guy that knocked out Diego Brando? Is he, is,
is he the same guy that knocked out joondo is he the same guy who knocked out
Eddie res? Or is he just some new thing?
Cause all this money and all this fame and all this attention,
he likes to party and all, what does he now,
if he's the same guy and physically, there should be no reason why he isn't.
He hasn't taken any terrible beatings. Even the never men. I fight.
He stopped him with a choke.
If he is the same guy physically and he decides he wants to let the world know
that he can still do it. And who gives a how much money he has in the bank.
He wants to let the world know he's here to people up.
And he's here to reclaim his crown.
If he goes into the fight with that attitude, I mean,
we could certainly see a resurgence.
The question has always been whether or not a rich man has the motivation to
work like a poor man. And uh, he's a very rich man.
We don't know everybody's different Mayweather fought hard to the day he died or
excuse me to the day he retired and Mayweather when he was during his career was
rich. Like from like a couple years in, he was rich. He was rich.
So he was always rich and still fought like the best in the world
and still trained. Like you have to train to be the best in the world. What.
Type of gaps was he taking in between fights guys?
This has been a long gap before. No longer. It's not fair. Yeah.
Before no mug mega Wolf, it was a long gap. You know, the game it's true game.
The game has evolved a lot. Mm-hmm <affirmative>, you know, you know,
in a real world, like again,
what you heard me telling Jamie was basically this and the real world,
uh, you know, Cerrone, uh, what what's he done?
The last five fights Cerrone. He's.
Had the gage. He's had some ups and downs, ups and downs lost to Gaji lost to,
uh, MAs Vidal, uh,
lost real bad that dare tell the dare tail one was a bad one.
So outta the last five fights he's two and three is what.
You're telling me, lost to Tony Ferguson, uh,
beat iquinted though and looked real, good doing it. So he's lost two,
the gaci fight. And um,
he beat Mike Perry, which was a really good fight for him. Cause Mike,
Perry's a big, scary guy throws bombs. So he beat him,
lost to Leon Edwards. I think he was sick coming into that fight, but you know,
lost either way and uh, beat yasy madeeros.
In a wild fight. So I'm just saying that in, in the real world,
he should take him out. People looking at him.
I don't think this's gonna be that easy of a fight. I like it. I like the over.
I love the over. I don't, I can't pick a, a side yet. Yeah.
But I love the over.
I could see everybody betting McGregor to in round one
and something crazy happened. I mean, in the perfect world, you know,
uh, maybe his Chin's been a little suspect lately, Donald, I don't.
Know. How has he been about that? I don't think so.
I think he's just been fighting WW wolves. He's been fighting the,
the toughest guys in the world. Look, everybody's chin suspect.
If Darren till is smashing nose open with an elbow that dude's an animal
and he's big as when Darren tillought cowboy he's so much bigger than him.
There was the difference between a really big weterweight and a guy who came up
from lightweight. Darren, Till's a giant dude.
I mean his nickname's the gorilla. So here we go. Yeah. He beat, I Quinta.
He beat Alexander Hernandez. That was a fantastic fight.
That was a fantastic fight. You can't write this kid out. Hernandez is a young,
tough guy who was talking mad,
but there's a giant difference between a no disrespect too. A Hernandez.
And aconnor McGregor yesconnor. McGregor's used to those bright lights, man.
He shines, he shines into those bright lights. To me,
the question is really just whether or not he has the motivation to train
and fight like a mad man. Again, like he did when he was younger,
when he was smashing people and for cowboy it's,
whether or not he can survive the early storm.
I think getting his leg kicks working, we would be very big.
Cuz con actually take that long stance.
Connor takes that long stance and he fights right leg forward.
He fights south paw. And if Donald can up that right leg,
he can figure out a way to attack that right. Leg knees, the body coming in.
He's gotta avoid the punches though. Yeah.
If he's up there with, uh,
who do I say he's with he's with sergjo pet go coach up there.
He's.
Training. Yeah. You said do Rufus rufusport if he's.
In Milwaukee sport for this camp, they're probably working on a lot of Kickbox,
but I guarantee Woodie's Woodie and him are doing some wrestling take down
cuz he knows that's where the mud's gonna Woodie.
Has a big fight coming up. Woodie's gonna fight Leon Edwards.
And Leon Edwards is a dangerous man. It's like, that's a, that's a big fight.
And Leon Edwards for whatever reason is not known as much as he is
skillful. You know, he beat cowboy, like we said,
and he's the guy that got in that crazy brawl with masvadal backstage.
Mosvadal hit him with the twopiece in the soda. <laugh> but that's that,
guy's a tough, tough, tough guy,
super highly skilled guy and Leon Edwards and Tyron Woodley.
That's a very high stakes fight that a lot of people aren't talking about,
like that's the fight for the number one contender,
because if Tyron emerges or if Leon emerges and
it's, and it's a big fight and the fight goes well,
that person is almost certainly at least considered other than
MAs Vidal. Who's the fan favorite. And then the rematch, those are the,
those are the two possibilities, the re the rematch with Colby. And Usman,
other than that, you wanna see,
you wanna see the winner of Tyron Woodley and Leon Edwards. It just makes sense.
It makes sense that that would be the next one or mosvadal those, those,
that's how I would look at it. I would look at it that way.
I would look at it like there's, there's a lot of options.
There's a lot of options for that division.
And now Connor's talking about fighting Usman that would be bonkers.
So if Connor beats cowboy and decides
he feels great at this eight, he feels confident now and dedicated.
He wants to make a run at the champ.
There's a big size difference between Usman and Connor Usman
is a big person. He's got a thick fry.
I lot those one 70 guys are big, big they're.
Big. Kobeby's a big, fellare big. Colby's a big fell. Philman's big.
So is Mado big, big one 70. Yep.
There's somebody else at one 70. That's deceiving as too.
I think Mado's in the sweet spot.
He's not too big where he has to kill himself to make the weight, but he's,
he can obviously knock out weweights easily.
I he's knocked out a lot of we weights. I mean the,
the Ben Astron won is preposterous, but of course,
just even the beating that he is putting on Nate Diaz masvadal can people up at
one 70. I,
I think him versus Connor would be insane.
I.